kneel down
shopkeeper
The subordinates also loaded the lightning and grabbed it to see you
Who is it?
shopkeeper
You and I are brothers whose blood is thicker than water
You... you can't kill me
You can't kill me!
You are sinful
No one can save you
Pull Shen Tian to the entrance of the dragon shop
No, no.
Give me another chance.
Shen Yan thank you
Thanks to you for saving me.
But what surprised me the most was
You are actually the owner of the dragon shop
It seems that grandpa really didn't read Wandy wrong back then.
It was too hasty before
In front of everyone today
I want to formally propose to you
Rest of Life
I would like to protect you for me
Hey Shen Yan
When I was arrested, they called you lecherous
There are 100 wives
It's really who is who who is lying about me
You better be honest with me
Really, just you.
That you have absolutely no second person